Update regarding adding a DMA to a DMS (#3709)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/DataMiner_Systems/Setting_up_a_new_DMS/Setting_up_a_new_DMS_in_DataMiner_Cube.md

1. For each DMA you want to add to the DMS, do the following:

   1. Open DataMiner Cube on the primary DMA, and navigate to the *Agents* > *Manage* tab as before.

   1. In the lower left corner, click *Add*.

   1. Enter the IP of the DMA you want to add and click *Add*.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: Similar to the comment above, I'd recommend combining this with the note below. We usually try to avoid adding several note blocks close to one another and combine the notes into one block instead.

When the DMS has been synchronized, you will be able to consult information about each of the Agents in the *Status* tab of the *Agents* page in *System Center*.

> [!NOTE]
>

> > - You should not set the cluster name for each DMA. This will be done automatically upon adding the DMA to the DMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Only use the *Join cluster* button when you set up the master DMA. When you add other DMAs, the cluster name will be set automatically.
```

Note that it's no longer necessary to mention the previous name of the button as versions prior to 10.0.13 are no longer supported (we'll need to remove that obsolete info from the text too, but that doesn't necessarily have to happen with this PR – it's something we're planning to do across the user guide later).
